>> Steve Kinney: Talk a little bit about,
so
the last one we talked about was
definitely in the spec right now.
We're going to talk about one that
likes to hover between stage zero.
Sometimes maybe getting as
far as stage one or two, and
then back to zero, which is this pattern,
this idea called decorators.
And decorators are actually syntactic
sugar over higher order functions.
And we use higher order components
earlier, where we wrapped a component and
another component.
And gave it extra super powers, like
connection to the Flux or Redux store.
A higher order function is
effectively the same thing.
And so, it's basically a syntactic
sugar allow us to do that.
And there's different ways, a lot of times
we work with it, with object properties.
For instance, we've looked at
the object at defineProperty before.
I showed you the get.
Here we can also see enumerable.
Can they enumerate over it?
Is it writable?
We can tweak those and set those on
objects that are already in existence.
There's also configurable and
a few other options.
But the part of this remember,
the target, the key, and
then we pass through this
thing called a descriptor.
And a decorator, if we wanted to create
a brand new decorator, is just a function.
And the function will take a target,
a key, and a descriptor.
The two parts that we
saw there previously.
And like it could
theoretically be any function.
It could be a function that returns
another function that does these things.
But ideally, it is a function.
But if we were going to try to
create our own different version,
here we have a read only.
And so, read only will actually
take the descriptor of
anything we put it in front of.
And effectively make it so we never have
to write that object a defined property
for things where we don't want to.
It's again, syntactic sugar over
things we didn't want to do.
So we can say, read only and
we'll just set writable to false.
And so
if we wanna make properties read only now,
we can use this decorator
before the method name, right?
And, generally speaking, you're probably
not gonna write a lot of these yourself.
Because you can actually pull and
a whole bunch of these already exist.
So if you're tired of writing
this.handleChange equals
this.handleChange.bindThis.
And you don't like that super
great syntax I was using,
where I was defining it on the class?
There is an autobind decorator that
will automatically take that method,
and go ahead and
bind it to the current object.
There's also just like kind of like
interesting is like deprecate kind of like
do a console warn every
time someone calls it.
And there are just ways of doing
very common things and wrapping
methods in your objects in other functions
to do extra things along the way.
We saw Memo-wise, very expensive.
Transaction you'd only want to do
it based on those inputs once.
The balances, don't let the thing
happen too many times, profile is for
performance.
So this is npm install core-decorators and
there's also another one which is
lodash decorators which is a whole
bunch of these that you can use.
One thing I will say is,
you'll notice that
the create react app examples that we've
been using have all been objected.
These are currently not
necessary in the language.
You do need a babwl plugin.
That babel plugin is currently not
installed in create-react-app.
So you do need to inject and install
your own babel plugins in this case.
We're gonna use decorators with MobX.
You actually don't need to
use decorators to use MobX.
But almost all of the documentation and
all of the examples are using decorators.
And it's kind of a nice syntax,
so I wanted to go with what you
would mostly see consistently.
Cuz other than that, it's just a single
babel plugin, and then you can use it.